Hello and welcome to one
another video of my tomatoes
friends the second video of my new
series trading tips is pending
and yes I could just give you this
after you see it in the end how
the players have also sold with
I did that and so did I.
then we catch a country shortly and
crisp on the table as you
that of course I am used to
something to the trick how is the trick
we buy any player
in this case it is lampard as zm and
buy us a modification card
of zmm and walls you naturally
lemper and sell the lempert
as eg for more meant lempert
at most buy it bought at the most
for 5801 you have to do that most of the time
rather offer and the modification card
for no more than 300 coins as you can see
I have the three modification cards
for every 150 get and the
lempertz for 5700 coins yes I do that
with lempert because stop with the
One hundred percent works like me
yes you will show now
And yes, the things really tell me
then we have all in the club here
made a little mistake because
Of course no two lempertz in the
may have to unite the same
we do everything one after another but that
Modification cards can of course
all at the same time in the club and
Now let's turn to the three
lempertz
Of course this takes a short time
But in time I can you
then tell me something and I'll show you
then with several players with it
you believe me that too because if I did
would now appear with then he
that somehow luck was there
or so but I'll show you, of course
Only good quality trading tips again
Of course, a bit of a vein is also
but of course I hope that the
can do with the tip many cross
that's already such a tip where to
Actually you can tell than mine
first tip that was not just such a
real beginner tip but that is
Of course, something for real professionals
for advanced and yes this one
lempert we have now bought for 5700
is here as cdm but we have to have
still the 150 throughout to include the
means we bought it for 5850 and
yes, let's see how much
The lempert as z regular on the market
is here then briefly his values
Of course that is not arminia
Of course, an Englishman who lempert man
Just make an immediate purchase
highest price 7801
then we see are two lempertz for
7800 and these two will be lempertz
Definitely sale but we ask
simply the lempertz is about 7000
simons 1
because they also bought one hundred percent
I would be you too
Guess me and me if for 7007
Put it in and buy something
Of course the case is when we
then subtract the five percent from it
we get on the account
credited 7315 of course then
still subtract from the 5850 we for
we paid him at 1465
seems to me, of course, at 1,500 coins
we win one sale per sale
make a lemp
besides, it makes 1501 plus per sale
Of course, that's really great for
Of course this is the beginning
so much if you do that then and the lamp
Of course you can get everything fast
So you can quickly many points
Do this patient alone for
they each 7000 71 immediately buy 7800 too
sell and 7,600 immediately on and yes that
means we have done three times now
three times we are at 4501 profit because
We are doing 1000 because we are
of course, make and play 1500 players per player
I am now at 5,000
kwh we make a profit here
Of course I would always use it too
that always arrives better but how
I think the trick is really good
and yes, look at this lempertz now
All were also sold I have in
In the meantime I still have the video
edited and changed I have
that still has been done
bought a laptop for little cabinet
even sold for 7900 so there you can
you vary and as you see
Everything sold we have done plus
and I want me to grow up too
I hope that it has fallen again
Have fun trading I'm out
until the next photo martens killer